Enable support for VideoChat-Flash-Qwen2_5-7B_InternVideo2-1B (#3678)
openvinotoolkit/openvino.genai: site/docs/supported-models/index.mdx

Apply https://huggingface.co/microsoft/Phi-4-multimodal-instruct/discussions/78/files to fix the model export for `transformers>=4.50`

#### VideoChat-Flash {#videochat-flash-notes}

> 1. The current implementation supports video input only; image inference is not supported for this model type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The current implementation supports text and video inputs only; image inference is not supported for this model type.
```

2. Visual history is not preserved across rounds, so multi-turn interactions have limited visual context.

> 3. If the number of input frames is not divisible by `mm_local_num_frames` (as defined in `config.json`), pad additional frames by duplicating the last frame. For example, if there are 10 frames and `mm_local_num_frames = 4`, pad to 12 frames.

Author: This is expected behavior of the runtime (heterogeneous execution), not a limitation specific to this model. Documenting it here would be misleading.

> 3. If the number of input frames is not divisible by `mm_local_num_frames` (as defined in `config.json`), pad additional frames by duplicating the last frame. For example, if there are 10 frames and `mm_local_num_frames = 4`, pad to 12 frames.

Reviewer: Specify if users should pad the video or it will be done automatically?

Author: Good point, this is handled automatically in the current implementation. I’ll clarify it in the doc.
